This directory contains the initialization routines for a Cisco/Linksys router.

1) inittab directory
   -----------------
This directory contains the inittab that is used for the product.
An inittab should be named inittab-$(PRODUCT_NAME). If no product
specific inittab is found, then the generic inittab will be used.

2) system directory 
   ----------------
This directory contains the executables that are called by the init process
during initialization. In other words, the inittab file referenced above
will contain the names of "system" executables to be run during initialization.
This directory is expected to contain files:
   sysinit  : run during sysinit phase of initialization
   wait     : run during serialized phase of initialization
   once     : run during unserialized phase of initialization
Each file should be named sysinit-$(PRODUCT_NAME) etc. If no 
product specific file is found, then the generic file will be used.
This is probably not desirable. Particularly not for the sysinit.

3) defaults directory
   ------------------
During the serialized phase of initialization, the above mentioned
wait script will initialize the syscfg configuration, and sysevent bus.
This is done by running the utility apply_system_defaults with the 
defaults file in runtime directory /etc/utopia/system_defaults.
The defaults directory contains the file which will be placed in
the runtime directory. The filename must be system_defaults-$(PRODUCT_NAME).
If this file is not found then system_defaults will be used.

4) registration directory
   ----------------------
During the serialized phase of initialization, the above mentioned
wait script will run the utility "execute_dir" on the runtime registration
directory. The runtime location of the registration directory must be 
coordinated with the wait script. Currently it expects the runtime directory
to be /etc/utopia/registration.d. If you change the runtime location you must
change the wait script, and you must change the REGISTRATION_DIR in the 
Makefile.

Executables added to the registration directory will thereby be written
to the registration directory in the root file system used at runtime, and
then executed during system initialization. The main current purpose for
the registration directory is to register event handlers with the sysevent
event bus.

5) init.d directory
   ----------------
The main current purpose of this directory is to contain the event handlers
and utilities which react to events passed by the sysevent event bus.

6) src directory
   -------------
The source code for the utilities:
   execute_dir
   apply_system_defaults

